[Music]
[Applause]
[
Applause] [
Music]
[Music]
A bowl of rice from a thousand homes, a single person from
ten thousand miles away,
blue eyes looking at the world, asking for directions, white clouds passing by,
shaving the cow, sorrowful spring, hair
draped in a saffron robe, decaying color, about to river, do not be. The Emperor's Pure Body, Speech, and Mind, Peaceful and
Tranquil, indignant, indifferent to
all households, not caring. Attachment to
food,
karma, all sentient beings, without distinction, how can there be difference,
how can there be difference, the words, deeply infatuated, arrogance and delusion, compassion, zealous, equality for
all beings, all
creatures. A bowl of rice from a thousand homes, a single person from ten thousand miles away, begging for alms, blessings and benefits for all people and heaven, renouncing worldly life, seeking the holy path, bestowing blessings upon all households, eradicating evil views, establishing laws to save sentient beings. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Applause] [
Music] [
Music]
[Music]
A bowl of rice from a thousand homes, a single
person from ten thousand miles away,
blue eyes looking at the world, asking for directions,
white clouds passing by, shaving the cow, sorrowful
spring, hair draped in a saffron
robe, decaying color, life and death. The Emperor's Pure Body, Speech, and Mind, Peaceful and Tranquil, indignant ...
Food for all
sentient beings, without distinction, meeting and going to
other places, truly indulging in pride and infatuation, compassion, and equality for
all beings,
a bowl of rice for a thousand homes, a single
person begging for alms from ten thousand miles away, merit and
benefit for all beings, renouncing worldly life to seek the path to enlightenment, merit and
benefit for all households,
eradicating false views, preaching the Dharma to save sentient beings.
[music]